README.md, before:

# Neighborhood-Map

## version 0.1

### Features

-Search for Groupons in a specific area
-Click on markers to center and see groupon URL

## Resources

[Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
["Boilerplate" code](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12722925/google-maps-and-knockoutjs)
[KnockoutJS Docs](http://knockoutjs.com/documentation/custom-bindings.html)
[Creative use of Foursquare API to get list of places](https://github.com/greg-colin/greg-colin.github.io)
[Inspiration to use Groupon API](https://github.com/sheryllun/Project5-NeighborhoodMap)
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28976956/sidebar-is-extending-past-viewport) for menu styling
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1987524/turn-a-number-into-star-rating-display-using-jquery-and-css) for star styling
[Auto-Complete Plugin](https://www.devbridge.com/sourcery/components/jquery-autocomplete/)
[Start Bootstrap Sidebar](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/simple-sidebar/)
[Search Navbar](http://www.mentful.com/2014/06/22/fixed-search-navbar-with-bootstrap-3-0/)
[Additional GMAPS tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/googleapi/google_maps_events.asp)
[Google maps div resize](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9458215/google-maps-not-working-in-jquery-tabs)
[Continuous centering of map](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8792676/center-google-maps-v3-on-browser-resize-responsive)

Commit message:

App now removes markers from memory when making new search

README.md, after:

# Neighborhood-Map

## version 0.1

### Features

-Search for Groupons in a specific area
-Click on markers to center and see groupon URL

## To do

-Add more info about the groupon (price, discounts, etc)
-Fix the rating-to-star feature when filtering locations
-Add all groupons (not just food and drink), and ability to filter between categories
-Add other services (living social, foursquare, etc)

## Resources

[Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
["Boilerplate" code](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12722925/google-maps-and-knockoutjs)
[KnockoutJS Docs](http://knockoutjs.com/documentation/custom-bindings.html)
[Creative use of Foursquare API to get list of places](https://github.com/greg-colin/greg-colin.github.io)
[Inspiration to use Groupon API](https://github.com/sheryllun/Project5-NeighborhoodMap)
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28976956/sidebar-is-extending-past-viewport) for menu styling
[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1987524/turn-a-number-into-star-rating-display-using-jquery-and-css) for star styling
[Auto-Complete Plugin](https://www.devbridge.com/sourcery/components/jquery-autocomplete/)
[Start Bootstrap Sidebar](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/simple-sidebar/)
[Search Navbar](http://www.mentful.com/2014/06/22/fixed-search-navbar-with-bootstrap-3-0/)
[Additional GMAPS tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/googleapi/google_maps_events.asp)
[Google maps div resize](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9458215/google-maps-not-working-in-jquery-tabs)
[Continuous centering of map](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8792676/center-google-maps-v3-on-browser-resize-responsive)
